good so some of the basic living now
does apply more specifically as you say
like how to start getting your blog off
the ground and it's something that I
think is definitely worthwhile for
people to keep in mind
dead again putting this into the context
assuming that you're talking about
people who are looking to sell their
unique classes are looking to sell some
other type of product or service is
deaths you can still utilize a blog
effectively to start building your
presence in start getting people to know
about you before you actually try to
sell your product or service so even
though some of the things that I just
talked about here don't necessarily the
exact analogy like she likes of the
things I discussed in the beginning like
oh the same with you do that we need to
do this it still is part of the strategy
that you're gonna need to use in
building your business or brawl and one
of the things that are dimensioned more
than one time you have to be prepared to
invest that time to do this that it's
not gonna happen quickly it's not going
to happen overnight and I know that I
myself had fallen to that same type of a
trap that I get this great idea and so I
have built something and then right away
I'm so anxious I want people to pay any
money I want to get out there and I want
to start selling this right now and
that's something that can really be self
defeating shit like get in people's face
in trying to get them to buy something
from you and so we need to step back in
a little bit more thought into how we're
going to build the audience over time
how we're going to build those
relationships and go back to something
that honest said earlier about when she
launched her first log she just kind of
created content and then SAT and waited
for people to come to it and
when they didn't come then she stood
back and thought about well maybe I
should have researched this a little bit
more I started blogging and in the same
way if we're looking to sell some
product or service we may want to take a
step back
not necessarily about researching that
product or service but putting together
a strategy for how am I gonna start to
build the relationships home gonna start
to build some traffic before I got your
service
ready to unleash on the public and say
hey by this from me so I want to come
back to some of the points that was
making i'm gonna go back to hanging
around the blogs in building the
relationships on the blog and discussed
it a little bit but just to give you the
chance to be stated in like totally it
is over the head with it so what types
of things were you doing those logs that
you were hanging around to build the
relationships and the influence and
marketing is all the buttons and I think
a lot of us who actually became more or
less successful online focus focus was
less and marketing and word of mouth
marketing and building relationships
that relationships actually gave our
business that kind of pushed it needed
and what did you have to focus on the
influence on the people who you want to
build relationships but not on you from
ODU self because that never works so
let's say your objective is to build a
relationship with my mark I'm sorry mark
I write so
cold rinse and I think well how about
this I'm going what would benefit mark
in his business
post on social media would benefit his
business what other people are doing
that to yourself what can I do just when
I share on social media a couple of
things would consider is Sharon quotes
from and not just quotes but sharing
image from Mark's close so there are a
couple of good that make you that I'm
sure most of us and and Pablo allows you
very quickly quote from anywhere you
like getting ready have images in Pablo
all you do is just get a quote who said
it and then you can share it through
butter right there with the link to the
blog posts and what that does is warm
and he looks he does this nice image has
his quote the time to not just read the
pros but also called him and an image
that's because they are different
because it shows the effort and again
you don't do anything you're just out
there
benefiting mark in as much as many ways
that's my husband hopefully he's not
going to anyway so that's one thing that
we can do another thing is that and yeah
everybody else does write what you need
to make an impression and the one thing
that he can do is not just comment on
the blog posts and discussion about it
so if you have something to warn you
have an opinion that slightly different
from what's in the post and again you're
not creating an argument here just
trying to create and what that does is
either comment on the blog post start
jumping in and that creates discussion
and discussion
rates interest in more traffic because
more people are nuts and peaks other
people's curiosity basically actually
take the discussion away from the blog
and social media and what that does is
that it's exposed to more people and
more people might be jumping in on the
discussion and again you will create a
buzz around other people and that makes
you stand out and that almost always so
that once the marketing tips I've got
you know over the years and there are
plenty of different folks have done to
stand out in my eyes because my blog is
not
Walker it gets a lot of attention that
sometimes might go through much it's
really hard to notice we bought my blog
and I'm sure but I don't know when to
come up with things that actually turned
out it really will be so much attention
to you walk in if I can mention that I
actually did write a blog post but
marking where everything down talking
about other people and i watch them and
I created like 20 wanna
examples of a parking lot just but this
is what others did what work so they're
plenty of tips like that but make sure
it's all about them about you and what
that does
and people will start coming back to you
and your stuff simply because you've
done that first asked you got a really
great example you can provide people so
I describes that here are the things
that you need to do to make it about
that influence your going to somebody
has got good influence but you're not
trying to promote yourself you're trying
to stroke the ego of that influencer to
stand out and get them to notice you
describe a lot of things that you can do
to make that happen in the things that
take effort and it takes time like I
don't think just because you took the
time to share one quote picture that
suddenly this influencers gonna fall in
love with you it is going to be driving
traffic to your site and your product or
service over a period of time seeing
that you're changing in this type of
effort to get their attention and that
may seem like wow alright I want to
build a relationship I know it needs to
be about the other person and I need to
know that at some lines
it is gonna come back to me and i i just
don't know that it's really gonna happen
so share with the audience on a great
example of how you were actually the one
that was kinda in the role of the
influence and somebody else your
attention